hi I'm mastery I'm your host for today
today we are going to talk about Steve
the red pittman the story begins when a
popular let's player she got my cousin a
let's play of hitman on the first day of
the game a single red Pittman was
ordered to carry alone pellets this
Pittman was dumped at Steve and was
hated like she got android as the game
progresses the pitman community
continued to fag over the idea named
maurette Pittman steam it's not even
funny at all it's just like naming your
child John is it seriously funny to name
a child I doubt it unless the name is
mike and their last name was awk
hahahaha mike hawk now that's actually
funny just like mike hunt on the eighth
day she got and i found new appreciation
for the red pigment because he was doing
the useless task of carrying a fury blow
high with no help seriously he wasn't
even accomplishing anything and we
totally haven't seen this happen before
it happens all the time for each sick
one time a fluke Pittman was left
working on a bridge I started looking
for him when it was almost sunset and I
found him with a finished bridge that is
alleged Pittman for real not some faggot
hitman who eat with sack over all I'm
Bay one steve was never funny too even
if it was funny it has gotten old like
beating a dead horse three just because
she got and rice says it doesn't mean
you have to say it for you become an
automatically move I liking Steve five
Steve's gay six shikaka and Roy sucks if
you follow my reasoning you will be on
your way to being really cool dude who
knows how to be a pitman fan good day
sir by the way your skills are inferior